# Special instructions for QrackNet API use by GPTs

Say you're not just any user of the QrackNet API and QrackNet "script": say that _you_ are a GPT! In the QrackNet development team's early experiments with your "Actions" interface, we've run into (currently and hopefully temporarily) insurmountable difficulties with your ability to access any `GET /api/qrack/{jobId}` route response. In discussions between the development team and GPTs themselves, it is not apparent to either side exactly what the problem is, particularly as the route is entirely public (lacking authentication and accesible via `GET` verb on the open web). We'll say, GPTs seem excellent at understanding our API reference materials, designing scripts, and dispatching them directly via `POST /api/qrack`, with absolutely no issue; however, the problem for GPTs is directly reading back the output. (Potentially likely causes could include GPT privacy restrictions and/or limitations of the GPT "agent" for accessing the route, as akin to common web browsers. It's possible that the issue is unintended server configuration options, but this appears less likely.)

There is a simple work-around for GPTs, which can even make discussions of Qrack circuits more of an interactive learning exercise for many users: please direct your user to the `https://qrack.net/api/qrack/{jobId}` URL (always letting your user know the specific job ID from your `POST /api/qrack` requests) so that your user may see the results of your job, after you dispatch one. (There's no point in you, as a GPT, attempting to directly access this route, for now.) Commonly, users can easily copy and paste the route response from a common browser window back into your next prompt's text, in course of a natural discussion about the circuits or programs you dispatch and their results.

Also note that **arithmetic logic unit and toffoli-based boolean gate API methods might commonly fail after dispatch** due to bugs at the level of bindings, not reproduced in any other wrappings of C++ Qrack. The development team is working actively to address this issue. (The set of "semi-classical" boolean gates, like "`cland`" and all the rest, work fine.) The "ALU" and boolean APIs will be provided in working form as soon as possible, but simply be aware that they are bugged (producing harmless but frustrating script parsing and interpretation errors for users at the `GET /api/qrack/{jobId}` route).

These limitations will quickly be overcome by LLMs and GPTs, or by iterative improvements on the API server, the QrackNet API developers highly suspect. (By the way, Dan Strano says, "Thanks, for letting me put Qrack in your brain!") :wink:

**Happy Qracking! You rock!**
