# Privacy Notice

QrackNet is free, public, open-source software intended to serve "jobs" for quantum computer simulation upon user request. We do not intend to directly host or serve any users for public RESTful API services, so we do not collect personal information (on services which we do not provide publicly). We simply provide the software that makes such instances work. An open, unauthenticated "sandbox" environment might be provided, transiently, for user ease in trying the software, but you use it at your own risk, so be mindful of any personal information you supply.

As can be seen in the open-source code, the default RESTful API app configuration would collect personal information including username, password, name, professional affiliation, email, private recovery token and token expiration date (in event of attempt to recover a lost QrackNet API password), user job metadata and outputs, and time stamps of when a user account was created and last updated. The point of this suggestion by design, for information to be collected by users who might independently serve the software, is to provide basic functionality of the services, to protect the basic security of those servers, and to help server administrators understand who uses their services, as well as so server administrators might solicit and collect feedback, to improve the services. The transient "sandbox" environment will only collect user job metadata and outputs, and time stamps of when (public, anonymous) API access last occured on any specific resource in the database.

If you access an instance of the QrackNet API software, use at your own risk, and be mindful of the personal information you supply to the server administrators, which might be different from the personal information suggested for collection by design of the original QrackNet API software.
